bootstrap script to download latest SMP server release for DigitalOcean droplet (#295)
simplex-chat/simplexmq: README.md

- Create a Linode account or login with an already existing one.
- Open [SMP server StackScript](https://cloud.linode.com/stackscripts/748014) and click "Deploy New Linode".
- You can optionally configure the following parameters:
    - SMP Server store log flag for queue persistence on server restart, recommended.

>     - [Linode API token](https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/getting-started-with-the-linode-api#get-an-access-token) for attaching server server address, fingerprint, version as tags to Linode and adding A record to your 2nd level domain (note: 2nd level e.g. `example.com` [domain should be created](https://cloud.linode.com/domains/create) in your account prior to deployment). The API token access scope should be read/write access for "linodes" to create tags, and for "domains" to add A record for the 3rd level domain, e.g. `smp1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Linode API token](https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/getting-started-with-the-linode-api#get-an-access-token) to attach server address etc. as tags to Linode and to add A record to your 2nd level domain (e.g. `example.com` [domain should be created](https://cloud.linode.com/domains/create) in your account prior to deployment). The API token access scopes:
      - read/write for "linodes"
      - read/write for "domains"
```

    - Domain name to use instead of Linode IP address, e.g. `smp1.example.com`.

> - Choose the region and plan according to your requirements, for regular use Shared CPU Nanode should be sufficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Choose the region and plan, Shared CPU Nanode with 1Gb is sufficient.
```

- Click 'Create SimpleX server Droplet' button.
- Choose the region and plan according to your requirements (Basic plan should be sufficient).
- Finalize Droplet creation.
- Open "Console" on your Droplet management page to get SMP server fingerprint - either from the welcome message or from `/etc/opt/simplex/fingerprint`. Alternatively you can manually SSH to created Droplet, see [DigitalOcean instruction](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/droplets/how-to/connect-with-ssh/).
- Great, your own SMP server is ready! Use `smp://<fingerprint>@<ip_address>` as SMP server address in the client.

Please submit an [issue](https://github.com/simplex-chat/simplexmq/issues) if any problems occur.

> > **Please note:** SMP server uses server address as a Common Name for server certificate generated during initialization. If you would like your server address to be FQDN instead of IP address, you can log in to your Droplet and run the commands below to re-initialize the server. Alternatively you can use [Linode StackScript](https://cloud.linode.com/stackscripts/748014) which allows this parameterization.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Please note:** SMP server uses server address as a Common Name for server certificate generated during initialization. If you would like your server address to be FQDN instead of IP address, you can log in to your Droplet and run the commands below to re-initialize the server. Alternatively you can use [Linode StackScript](https://cloud.linode.com/stackscripts/748014) which allows this parameterization. # testing suggestion
```
